http://www.qsfp-dd.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/QSFP-DD-CMIS-rev4p0.pdf
CMIS -- Common Management Interface Specification
Application -- a specific combination of an industry standard host electrical interface and industry standard module media interface
Flat Memory -- single 256 byte memory implementation without paging.
Host interface -- interface between high speed electrical interface between the module and the host system.
Media interface -- a high speed interface between the module and the interconnect medium, such as wires or optical fibres.
Lower Memory -- The 128 bytes addressed by byte addresses 00h through 7fh.
Module -- Pluggable transceivers and active or passive cable assembly terminations that plug into the host receptacle such as, but not limited to those of QSFP-DD, OSFP, COBO, QSFP, and SFP-DD form factors.
Lower Memory -- the 128 bytes addressed by byte addresses 00h through 7fh.
Upper Memory -- the 128 bytes addressed by byte addresses 80h through ffh.
Lane -- A generic term for the elements associated with transport of one of the high speed signals in one of the module interfaces.

Host -- master,
module -- slave

TWI -- two wire serial interface.
The twi protocol only supports eight bit addresses. This limits the management memory that can be directly accessed by the host to 256 bytes, which is divided in lower memory and upper memory.
Application -- a specific combination of an industry standard host electrical interface and industry standard module media interface
1. A module may support multiple different applications and/or multiple instances of the same application.
2. A set of registers is associated with each interface to control and report status for signals at that interface.
   All references to lanes (host or media) refer to the respective registers that control or describe those signals.
3. For each application where the module supports multiple Application instances, hosts need to be able to determine which host electical lane group corresponds to which media lane group for each possible Application instance in the module.
4. The module identifies supported Applications though a set of Application Advertising registers.










CMIS parser details. CMIS version 4.

1. Table 8-2 eprm[0] --> type of serial module Table 4-1 of SFF-8024.
2. Table 8-2 eprm[1] --> CMIS version in this case should 4.0.
3. Table 8-12 eprm[15] --> value used to distinguish MMF, SMF, active and passive cables.
4. Table 8-13 eprm[87] --> module media interface id Table 4-6 to table 4-10 of SFF-8024.
5. table 8-14 eprm[4] = ff --> all 8 lanes 

8024 Table references.

1. Table 4-1 Identifier Values. ---->

